---
title: "Events"
linkTitle: "Events"
weight: -10
description: >-
  How to configure a package to be triggered bt the FX Router when a specific type of event is observed on the platform.
---

FX is an event driven platform wich means that each action generating an event can be reused for further triggering of executions. Also within an executing script, an event can be generated and sent as a message. Each event is defined at least by it’s source, type and payload (data). Event message format is following the cloudevents standard. A list of all event types is maintained so the user can bound package execution to certain event type, which means that each time such an event is received, the package execution will be triggered.

# Events

Events are messages passed through the platform which are generated by Services.

Events are in the form of JSON formatted messages which adhere to the CloudEvents format. They carry a Header which indicates the event type and a Payload (or Data section) which contain information about the event.

To have a better detailed understanding of how Events are generated, please refer to the [Architecture](/docs/overview/architecture-overview/ "Architecture Overview") subcategory in the *Overview* category.

## Events

This use case defines how to configure a package to be triggered bt the FX Router when a specific type of event is observed on the platform.

1. Click on *Events* on the left side of the dashboard menu to open drop-down
2. Click on *Event Types* 
3. Check the predefined *Event Types* 
   - ferris.apps.modules.approvals.step_approval_completed
   - ferris.apps.modules.minio.file_uploaded

Events can be created within scripts during package execution by sending a message to the **Kafka Topic** using the `ferris_cli` python package. For example, a package can be bound to a file_upload event that is triggered every time a file gets uploaded to **MinIO** using FX file storage module. New event types will be registered as they are sent to the **Kafka Topic** using the `ferris_cli` python package.

Further details regarding `ferris_cli` can be found in the subcategory [Development Lifecycle](/docs/developerguide/development-lifecycle/ "development-lifecycle") in the *Developer Guide*.

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/events_event_types.png">}}

## Executions - Packages -> file upload trigger event

In this use case an existing package will be edited to define the file upload event type.

1. Click on *Executions* on the left side of the dashboard menu to open drop-down
2. Click on *Packages*
3. Click on the edit record button to edit the existing package *Test Package with Scripts*

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/edit_package_event.png">}}

1. Delete the *CronJob Schedule* to allow a *Trigger Event Type*
2. Select the *Value* of the event type (ferris.apps.modules.minio.file_uploaded)
3. Save the edited package.

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/save_edited_package_event.png">}}

## File Storage

To finalize the process, a file needs to be uploaded to a MinIO bucket (file storage).

1. Click on *File Storage* on the left side of the dashboard menu to open drop-down
2. Click on *List Files* 
3. Click on *+Add* to upload a file to the bucket

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/list_files_event.png">}}

1. Choose file to upload
2. Choose *File Type*  (CSV Table; Plain Text; JSON)
3. Select the *Bucket Name*
4. Click on *Save* to save the file 

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/upload_file_event.png">}}

To verify if the package execution has been triggered, go back to the initial, edited package.

1. Click on *Executions* on the left side of the dashboard menu to open drop-down
2. Click on *Packages*
3. Click on the magnifying glass to open the details page of the package *Test Package with Scripts*

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/package_details_event.png">}}

It will automatically open the *List Package Executions* tab.

1. Check the last Event, date and time to verify it corresponds to the time the file was uploaded
2. Click on the magnifying glass to open the details page of the triggered execution

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/list_triggered_event.png">}}

- Check the details page of the event triggered run

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/details_page_event.png">}}

## Workflow -> approval completed trigger event

To finalize the second trigger event (ferris.apps.modules.approvals.step_approval_completed), an existing Workflow will be used to trigger a Case Management that will need to get approved.

1. Click on *Workflows* on the left side of the dashboard menu to open the drop-down
2. Click on *List Workflows* 
3. Click on the magnifying glass to show the details page of the workflow

Note that before even getting a closer look at the Workflow details, the *Entrypoint Event* is displayed -> ferris.apps.modules.minio.file_uploaded

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/workflow_second_trigger_event.png">}}

Check the details in the JSON snippet to understand what or which event types will trigger the second event type. The first event type shown in the JSON snippet is: ferris.apps.modules.minio.file_uploaded -> which means that a file will need to get uploaded for the event to get triggered. The second event type shown in the JSON snippet is: ferris.apps.modules.approvals.step_approval_completed -> meaning the uploaded file will need to get approved in the *Case Management* module before the wanted event gets triggered. 

{{< blocks/screenshot color="white" image="/images/workflow_trigger_event_types.png">}}

## Case Management -> -> approval completed trigger event

1. Upload a file to a bucket (the process of uploading a file was described in detail on top of this page)
2. Click on *Case Management* on the left side of the dashboard menu to open the drop-down
3. Click on *Approvals* 

